Add contributing guidelines (#24)
hober/web-extensions: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to the W3C WebExtensions Community Group

> This document describes the how the WebExtensions Community Group (WECG) works and how interested parties can participate.

Reviewer: Also maybe "contribute" instead of participate?

> This document describes the how the WebExtensions Community Group (WECG) works and how interested parties can participate.

Author: I've integrated both of these suggestions.

## Code of Conduct

> As a W3C Community Group, the WECG operates under the W3C's [Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct][code-of-conduct].

Reviewer: From my experience, I believe it's important to be explicit about point of contact for reporting violations, since W3C's CEPC isn't specific to our group.

Author: That's good feedback. I just copied the "Reporting and Feedback" section from the [WICG admin README](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/WICG/admin/gh-pages/README.md) and added it to the bottom of this file.

Reviewer: Thanks, though I don't think we need the "To make amendments to the W3C's Code of Conduct..." part.

Author: Makes sense. Removing that line now.

## Getting started

Interested in participating? We suggest you start by:

> 1. Familiarize yourself with the [Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct][code-of-conduct].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Familiarizing yourself with the [Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct][code-of-conduct].
```

Reviewer: And for the rest of these, but it gets clunky.  Perhaps we reword the introductory sentence?

Author: I just standardized these items to use the same tense & simplified #3. Does it feel any better now?

Reviewer: Looks good.

> 2. [Joining the group][wecg-join] (you will need a [W3C account][new-account]).

Author: Just added a line at the end of this section. I first tried it in the bulleted list, but that made the list feel a bit awkward.

> 3. Look through the [open issues][wecg-issues] and subscribe to topics you're interested in following.

Reviewer: This sounds weird, we suggest people to look through existing issues, but not to open new ones?

Author: Yes. I was specifically targeting the "getting started" process. My thought here was that when people are first exploring, it's best for them to catch up on the conversations in progress rather than starting a new one without any context. Once they've gotten their bearings, they should start commenting, create new issues, and otherwise contribute. 

Is that too prescriptive?

Reviewer: Hm, I can see that.  As currently stands, since the last part is an open invitation to "join the chat", where they could be instructed to post the issue if needed, I think this is fine.  If we change any of this wording, I might bring it up again.

4. Join the WECG chat (are we going to have a chat?)

## How we work

All WECG-related work currently takes place in the [web-extensions repository][wecg-repo] on GitHub. As a new group, we are currently in the process of establishing our conventions.

> Discussions of spec or group related topics take place issues on this repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Discussions of specification or group related topics take place in issues on this repository.
```

Reviewer: Also this sentence mostly repeats and slightly expands on the first sentence from previous paragraph?

Author: Agreed. I'll remove this line.

When I first drafted this I was struggling to remember if we reached a consensus on having a single or multiple repositories. I think this line was an artifact of when I was considering making a distinction between administration and specification repositories. For the moment, I'm assuming that we're using a single repository.

2. [Joining the group][wecg-join] (you will need a [W3C account][w3c-new-account]).
3. Looking through the [open issues][wecg-issues].
4. Joining the [WECG chat room][wecg-chat].

W3C membership is required because it provides the legal framework that protects the work in this repository.

## How we work

All WECG-related work currently takes place in the [web-extensions repository][wecg-repo] on GitHub. As a new group, we are currently in the process of establishing our conventions.

## Reporting and Feedback

Beyond posts needing moderator attention on Discourse, if you experience any violations to the above by any participant, please contact the Chairs or the W3C Head of Communications ([Coralie Mercier][email-coralie]). To make amendments to the W3C's Code of Conduct, please post to the [W3C Positive Work Environment mailing list][w3c-pwe-list], or email [Coralie Mercier][email-coralie]) directly.

[email-coralie]: mailto:coralie@w3.org
[w3c-code-of-conduct]: https://www.w3.org/Consortium/cepc/
[w3c-new-account]: https://www.w3.org/accounts/request
[w3c-pwe-list]: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-pwe/

> [wecg-chat]: #

Reviewer 2: The chat link isn't pointing anywhere.

Reviewer 3: @dotproto, can we fix this before I merge?

Author: In the last editors & chairs sync we decided to host our chat room on Mozilla's Matrix server. I've added a new section to this page to provide a little more guidance on how to join.
